# CS-305 Journal
1. Artemis Financial is a financial consulting company that specializes in individual financial plans. They want to modernize their operations while also enhancing their software security capabilities. Artemis Financial specifically wants to add a data verification layer and also ensure secure data transfers.
2. Software Security Vulnerabilities: I feel like I was able to establish the security needs of Artemis Financial and was able to incorporate secure code to eliminate the potential security vulnerabilities. It is important to code securely because it will ensure the protection of sensitive data, maintain user trust within the company, and prevent potential data breaches. Software security adds tremendous value to a company's reputation and protects user data.
3. The hardest part for me was getting the keytool to function as intended, and not being able to fully secure my browser which I so desperately wanted to accomplish. Even though I was not able to fully secure localhost I still did enjoy the challenge in all honesty and enjoyed using the command prompt to navigate generating a self-signed keytool.
4. I increased the level of security by adding SHA-256 which is a cryptographic hash function that ensures data integrity and also verifies data authenticity. In the future I will continue to use maven dependency check to find any vulnerabilities as well as looking at OWASP.org to continue to improve my security knowledge as well as skills.
5. Using dependcy check I was able to see if after I refactored the code if any new vulnerabilities were added. I usually just run a new dependency check everytime I do something to the code that may potentially interrupt the build. This allowed me to check and change code to ensure no new added vulnerabilities. 
6. I used stackoverflow a lot to help with guidance and seeing how others solved the issue that I was facing. It didn't help solve it per se but it did provide a great deal of valuable information and routes to take when stuck on a keytool issue. For coding stack overflow also provided a great deal of information and techniques to integrate industry standard practices.
7. If an employer asked me about skills that I completed, I would choose my understanding of security standards first. I understand how vulnerabilities can be found and the industry standard practices that need to be integrated to secure an application. Also being able to analyze and refactor code to accomplish a set forth task is a skill that I want to master.
